The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
My Mum tries to be cool by saying that she likes all the same things that I do.
The external scars tell only part of the story.
Please wait outside of the house.
The small white buoys marked the location of hundreds of crab pots.
Hit me with your pet shark!
Last Friday I saw a spotted striped blue worm shake hands with a legless lizard.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
Excitement replaced fear until the final moment.
The swirled lollipop had issues with the pop rock candy.
People keep telling me "orange" but I still prefer "pink".
I thought red would have felt warmer in summer but I didn't think about the equator.
If eating three-egg omelets causes weight-gain, budgie eggs are a good substitute.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Today arrived with a crash of my car through the garage door.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
She wrote him a long letter, but he didn't read it.
It took him a month to finish the meal.
The gloves protect my feet from excess work.
I am counting my calories, yet I really want dessert.
He said he was not there yesterday; however, many people saw him there.
With a single flip of the coin, his life changed forever.
The fog was so dense even a laser decided it wasn't worth the effort.
They got there early, and they got really good seats.
She couldn't decide of the glass was half empty or half full so she drank it.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
I just wanted to tell you I could see the love you have for your child by the way you look at her.
He told us a very exciting adventure story.
Peanuts don't grow on trees, but cashews do.
Truth in advertising and dinosaurs with skateboards have much in common.
The sun had set and so had his dreams.
Every manager should be able to recite at least ten nursery rhymes backward.
The opportunity of a lifetime passed before him as he tried to decide between a cone or a cup.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
The elephant didn't want to talk about the person in the room.
He is good at eating pickles and telling women about his emotional problems.
She saw no irony asking me to change but wanting me to accept her for who she is.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
They throw cabbage that turns your brain into emotional baggage.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
Sixty-Four comes asking for bread.
He had accidentally hacked into his company's server.
This is the last random sentence I will be writing and I am going to stop mid-sent
Lightning Paradise was the local hangout joint where the group usually ended up spending the night.
8% of 25 is the same as 25% of 8 and one of them is much easier to do in your head.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real